Added regtest notes to backend README (#1878)
mempool/mempool: backend/README.md

### Regtest cheatsheets

* Useful link https://gist.github.com/System-Glitch/cb4e87bf1ae3fec9925725bb3ebe223a

* Run bitcoind for regtest
   ```
   bitcoind -regtest -rpcport=8332
   ```

* If it's the first time, create a new wallet
   ```
   bitcoin-cli -regtest -rpcport=8332 createwallet test
   ```

* If it's not the first time, load the wallet. This command may take a while if you have lot of utxos
   ```
   bitcoin-cli -regtest -rpcport=8332 loadwallet test
   ```

* Get a new address
   ```
   address=$(./src/bitcoin-cli -regtest -rpcport=8332 getnewaddress)
   ```

* Mine blocks to the previously generated new address, you need at least 101 blocks before being able to spend. This will take some time to execute (~1 min)
   ```
   bitcoin-cli -regtest -rpcport=8332 generatetoaddress 101 $address
   ```

* Send 0.1 BTC at 5 sat/vB to another address
   ```
   ./src/bitcoin-cli -named -regtest -rpcport=8332 sendtoaddress address=$(./src/bitcoin-cli -regtest -rpcport=8332 getnewaddress) amount=0.1 fee_rate=5
   ```

* See more example of `sendtoaddress`
   ```
   ./src/bitcoin-cli sendtoaddress # will print the help
   ```

> * Mini script to generate txs with random fx rate (between 1 to 100 sat/vB). It's slow so don't expect to use this to test mempool spam, except if you let it run for a long time, or maybe with multiple regtest node connected to each other.

Reviewer: Haven't seen fx rate refer to feerate before...might be better to just say feerate?

Reviewer 2: yeah FX rate is BTC/USD rate, must be a typo

> * Mini script to generate txs with random fx rate (between 1 to 100 sat/vB). It's slow so don't expect to use this to test mempool spam, except if you let it run for a long time, or maybe with multiple regtest node connected to each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Mini script to generate transactions with random TX fee-rate (between 1 to 100 sat/vB). It's slow so don't expect to use this to test mempool spam, except if you let it run for a long time, or maybe with multiple regtest node connected to each other.
```
